Correct terminology (#16441)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/nullable-references.md

This new feature provides significant benefits over the handling of reference variables in earlier versions of C# where the design intent couldn't be determined from the variable declaration. The compiler didn't provide safety against null reference exceptions for reference types:

> - **A reference can be null**. No warnings are issued when a reference type is initialized to null, or null assigned to it later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **A reference can be null**. No warning is issued when a reference type is initialized to null, or null is later assigned to it.
```

- *Nonnullable*: Null can't be assigned to variables of this type. Variables of this type don't need to be null-checked before dereferencing.
- *Nullable*: Null can be assigned to variables of this type. Dereferencing variables of this type without first checking for `null` causes a warning.

> - *Oblivious*: This is the pre-C# 8.0 state. Variables of this type can be dereferenced or be assigned without warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Oblivious*: This is the pre-C# 8.0 state. Variables of this type can be dereferenced or assigned to without warnings.
```

> - *Oblivious*: This is the pre-C# 8.0 state. Variables of this type can be dereferenced or assigned to without warnings.

Reviewer: On second thought, I think the original text is more correct. A variable is assigned a value. A value is assigned to a variable. So I think that "variables...can be...assigned without warnings" is valid. Thoughts?

Author: After reading the original text again, I think it depends on how it's interpreted.

Original text is:

> Variables of this type can be dereferenced or assigned without warnings.

The two interpretations with different meanings are:

> (Variables of this type can be (dereferenced or assigned) without warnings.

> (Variables of this type can ((be dereferenced) or (assigned)) without warnings.

I'm not sure if I can express what I mean well by that.

Author: Had to read it several times 😆 .
Yes, it seems the original text is correct.

It says: "Variables can be assigned", which seems correct to me. I'm going to revert this change.

```suggestion
- *Oblivious*: This is the pre-C# 8.0 state. Variables of this type can be dereferenced or assigned without warnings.
```

The compiler uses the following rules in a disabled nullable annotation context:

- You can't declare nullable references in a disabled context.

> - null may be assigned to all reference variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All reference variables may be assigned a value of null.
```
